Art Style	Prompt	Sentiment Score
Abstract_Expressionism	reflections of happiness, brightness, sunny, sunshine, light, joy,
enlighten, fun	0.9705
Abstract_Expressionism	the figures in painting representing fear, grief, sorrow, pain,
distrust, darkness, death, evil	-0.9781
Action_painting	The black paint splattered over the bright colors symbolizes enjoyment
and fun that is ruined.	0.7717
Action_painting	I fear I am looking at angry pit of people that want to kill me after
I betrayed them with losing their investments.	-0.9552
Analytical_Cubism	I feel amused looking at this painting because it is like a puzzle and
I enjoy solving puzzles.	0.872
Analytical_Cubism	this picture is sad because it is parts broken of a musical violin in
pieces so sorrowful	-0.8838
Art_Nouveau_Modern	This image is similar in style to the original, with similar coloring
and the number (10) of individual images, but lacks the original's
thoughtful innocence. These are women doing their jobs, in their
underclothes, helping each other, getting ready for work (dancing,
which is very physical), accepting favors from admirers, and
practicing in front of mirrors. The ideal v. reality makes me feel
sad.	0.976
Art_Nouveau_Modern	The woman appears to be a devil. The woman and dog are in red with
flames in the background. There is something evil being advertised.
Perhaps a movie about Hell. This makes you feel that it is a horror
film or performance which is frightening.	-0.9694
Baroque	As you can clearly see this is a painting/picture of one of the
greatest love stories of our time, of Anthony and Cleopatra, and they
are clearly in the throes of passionate love making or in the
anticipation of such activity. This is clearly exciting to look at.	0.9812
Baroque	It's difficult to tell what is happening exactly because the image is
small, but it appears that something terrible is about to happen.
Perhaps an assassination? You can see a man running toward a group of
other men. Everyone is looking fearfully at the man who is running and
some are even holding their arms out in fear or as if they are
shouting to stop him.	-0.974
Color_Field_Painting	The colors of this piece are so beautiful and calming. They make the
painting look and have the mood of contentment and joy. It is
beautiful.	0.965
Color_Field_Painting	This painting makes me feel anger because the brushstrokes are not
perfectly centered or set. Nothing seems happy about this. The red
makes everything feel unhappy. The anger that takes place lies in the
longer red brushstrokes than it does the blue. The red makes me think
of a horror movie slashing scene.	-0.9755
Contemporary_Realism	The beautiful subject and the beautiful portrait make the observer
grateful to share this moment with the sitter. The elegant clothing
and delicate lighting  on the subject and the painted screen behind
let us know the wealth and elegance that has blessed this life and
afforded such a lovely comission.	0.9839
Contemporary_Realism	which you fear and often avoid places or situations that might cause
you to panic and make you feel trapped, helpless or embarrassed.	-0.9485
Cubism	The buildings in this painting look bright and vibrant, which makes
the painting look happy and amused. The bright colors bring happiness
and light to the painting.	0.9601
Cubism	hell, fire, dark, death, beaten, defeat, evil, hate	-0.9771
Early_Renaissance	This is a picture of pure love and contentment between a mother and a
child. The way she is resting her head on her child you can feel that
emotion viscerally even by looking at it that she is at peace with the
world as she is holding her most loved individual in her arms safely
and peacefully.	0.9682
Early_Renaissance	Sadness is an emotional pain associated with, or characterized by,
feelings of disadvantage, loss, despair, grief, helplessness,
disappointment and sorrow. An individual experiencing sadness may
become quiet or lethargic, and withdraw themselves from others.	-0.9819
Expressionism	The person in the image appears to generally be happy and smiling like
he's going through some positive time. The way the image is
illustrated also generally seems to be positive and uplifting. It
feels like a happy thing to make everything more positive.	0.9781
Expressionism	Two matadors fight a bull. All of the people in the painting have gray
and blue faces and skin. This makes them look like ghouls or
masqueraders. The matador behind the bull is trying unsuccessfully to
distract the bull with a purple cape, the color of royalty. The
matador in front of the bull is upside down and his neck may be
broken. He has dropped his cape and it may be his sword in the bull's
shoulders. The pain and terror in the painting make me feel angry. I
feel angry that bull fighting glorifies the violence and terror of the
slow death of the bull. The meat will be unusable, the matadors are
injured and killed for entertainment. Bull fighting is immoral. And
this painting shows someof the reasons why.	-0.9912
Fauvism	The bright optimistic colors, the beautiful subject matter, and the
vibrant paint strokes give this painting a sense of hope and joy.	0.9601
Fauvism	This is a sad picture as it captures the sadness and loneliness of
this boy who is all alone in the room. The despondent look on his face
is truly heartbreaking. It evokes questions of why is he in this room?
What did he do? Is he being punished? Is he the product of cruel
unloving parents that keep him in their for days? Heartbreaking.	-0.98
High_Renaissance	It reminds me of heaven above. But to be honest the first painting, of
the crucifixion of Christ did not provoke a negative emotion. It was
quite positive as it brought about thoughts of altruism, love, and
salvation.	0.9791
High_Renaissance	The standing person is trying to kill or harm the other person who is
lying down on the ground. There are fear and horror expressions on the
lying person's face.	-0.9716
Impressionism	There is a beauty in this scene, bright colors and vivd textures
invoking a landscape ideal for exploring and enjoying on a sunny day.
The waves add a dash of excitement and interest, their curling tops
hinting at currents to play in and a breeze to cool and delight,
evoking the feeling of a cheerful summer holiday in which to relax and
enjoy oneself.	0.9928
Impressionism	Sadness is an emotional pain associated with, or characterized by,
feelings of disadvantage, loss, despair, grief, helplessness,
disappointment and sorrow. An individual experiencing sadness may
become quiet or lethargic, and withdraw themselves from others.	-0.9819
Mannerism_Late_Renaissance	I see a man living in elegance with a beautiful younger woman by his
side. There is a twinge of sadness but this man has lived a satisfying
life. The painting itself is bright and rich, screaming elegance.	0.952
Mannerism_Late_Renaissance	This painting is ominous. The expression on the person looking at us
is almost as if they have been caught red-handed about to do something
evil. The other person seems to be in a very vulnerable position with
a red fact as if they have been struggling. I don't know what is in
the hands of the person in the top position but it appears to be hard,
almost like a weapon. Is this evil harming an angel? We see an angels
wings peeking through. Or, possible an angel battling a demon since
the wings are red and black?	-0.9669
Minimalism	the golden colour resembles warmth to me, the kind of warmth you from
a hug, or on a sunny day, it also isn't overly bright and is a warm
colour tone. When temperature is optimal we are content, just like we
are from a hug or a sunny day	0.9652
Minimalism	Sadness is an emotional pain associated with, or characterized by,
feelings of disadvantage, loss, despair, grief, helplessness,
disappointment and sorrow. An individual experiencing sadness may
become quiet or lethargic, and withdraw themselves from others.	-0.9819
Naive_Art_Primitivism	i love this picture of coloured flowers in a pattern looking beautiful
and full of great happiness  and pleasure	0.9661
Naive_Art_Primitivism	I really don't really understand some of what's going on in the
picture but it makes me sad because you have someone being carried out
by the police and then you have someone one the ground that looks like
they are dead or badly hurt. Just a sad situation to be in period.	-0.9711
New_Realism	The two children are sharing a secret and clearly enjoying it. They
are adorable. The bright red coat indicates fun and happiness.	0.9678
New_Realism	Apocalyptic. People are running in terror. Panic. Dust and wind.
Harsh, ugly colors to signify negativity.	-0.9666
Northern_Renaissance	Its a bright sunny day, the colors are vibrant, especially the rich
blue dress of what I think is the Virgin Mary, holding a cute baby
Jesus.  The wisemen appear thoughtful and reverent, the scene is
peaceful and powerful.	0.9738
Northern_Renaissance	I'm not so sure this is similar to the painting we need to compare it
to but this definitely makes me feel fear. Not only is it showing us
Jesus presumably deceased but the skull looking face on the dirt/rock
mound behind everyone is terrifying. I'm not sure if I am the only one
that sees this scary face/skull but I wonder what it's purpose is. As
it's not facing anyone in this scene and it's mouth looks as if it's
yelling. So this scary image in this otherwise tragic scene of a
suffering or deceased Jesus. Also, because no one is acknowledging
this face seems like it's for us, the viewer to interpret	-0.9835
Pointillism	The entire town looks like a perfect picture of contentment. The water
is so calm and so blue the reflections are clear. The boats aren’t
struggling, so the weather is nice. The buildings are clean without
any wear. There are some clouds over the horizon but the sky is blue.
The mountains look peaceful with no rocks or debris. The people on the
boats are likely relaxing in the water, just enjoying the peacefulness
of their surroundings.	0.9751
Pointillism	Looks like my image but is missing a boat so I choose this image out
of sadness because the boat is missing why the people got killed
trying to settle here from other settlers how sad	-0.9643
Pop_Art	I love the boldness of the character. This is a great picture that is
fun and interesting. It is also has really great details.	0.9678
Pop_Art	The pain on this man's face is horrifying.  I feel the pain and
torture he is going through and I am scared about what is going to
happen to him next.	-0.9524
Post_Impressionism	This painting depicts a similar scene to the original (a town or
cityscape, long dresses) but this is cheery, and I feel like I could
step right into the painting and grab a really nice and delicious
dinner nearby. Also its nice to see the horses in the background, the
cherry blossoms or similar tree and some welcoming pink lights.	0.9824
Post_Impressionism	Sadness is an emotional pain associated with, or characterized by,
feelings of disadvantage, loss, despair, grief, helplessness,
disappointment and sorrow. An individual experiencing sadness may
become quiet or lethargic, and withdraw themselves from others.	-0.9819
Realism	This young lady appears to be looking away, but also smirking and
getting ready to smile at a secret joke.  Her face is soft, kind,
noble, and beautiful, with a downward glance and the beginning of a
smile on her lips.  Imagining what her secret might be is amusing and
beguiling.	0.9847
Realism	This picture is a portrait of someone who seems to be smirking but
also angry. This elicited a fearful emotion from me because I see this
person as a bad person / a villain. This is because in many movies /
shows, there is a villain that is often smirking but they also look
evil. The smirk in this picture is shown by their lips being in a
smiling position. However, the evil / bad part is shown in their
eyebrows. Their eyebrows are slanted down towards the bridge of their
nose.	-0.9913
Rococo	The picture shows a person with curly blond hair, I don't know the
gender of this person but I think this is a girl. She has a face that
looks very smart and talented, her face is bright, full of the aura of
a talented person through her eyes. If this girl were real, she would
be someone pretty great.	0.9841
Rococo	Does not look content.  The beard, no hair up top, head scarf, and
outer jacket look more in disarray.  The face expression and deepness
of the eyes is also not content, but having a more disturbed or
troublesome look.  The disarray, troublesome look, as if this person
cannot fix what is broken hence helpless leads to sadness.	-0.9813
Romanticism	The horse is dead, obviously was a loved companion, but now is
dead..However, HOPEFUL, leads.. The man raised to the sky, hands
reaching to the heavens. With the bright, warm, loving holy light
halos around. The grandiose of love. A love supreme.	0.9918
Romanticism	As a woman I find this painting extremely upsetting. A group of rowdy,
disgusting ruffians, possibly invaders from another kingdom or city or
just a group of drunken thugs, are forcefully taking women to rape,
enslave, and possibly murder. Seeing the tormented, terrified
expressions on the women's faces makes me so infuriated toward those
men, and possibly the artist. I am curious if the artist was
glorifying that kind of behavior toward women or admonishing it.	-0.9792
Symbolism	This image has a beautiful strong woman focus with Christian
undertones but this woman seems happy and relaxed surrounded by lovely
Christian cherubs. There are some feminine positive sexual undertones
as well.	0.9812
Symbolism	This painting makes me feel fear because they have removed a dead body
from a grave. The man in the chair appears to be the same man as the
one holding the dead body, and they are both scary to me. The dark
color scheme of the painting also adds to the fear of it.	-0.9674
Synthetic_Cubism	Gets me inspired to have a meal or share coffee seems positive
inspires to share with someone	0.9201
Synthetic_Cubism	This bizarre artform leaves me frustrated and confused. It seems to
lack any sort of reasoning to it. I find these awkward shapes
unattractive.	-0.9153
Ukiyo_e	this great samurai warrior and his lovely wife in great coloured robes
look amazing and brilliant	0.9666
Ukiyo_e	Angry man holding a sword trying to fight off some sort of blue enemy.
Blue enemy looks scared while man with sword looks angry.	-0.9622
